847 record uniqueness (#1307)
open-contracting/standard: docs/schema/records_reference.md

# Record Reference

> A record aggregates the releases related to a contracting process. There should be a single record per contracting process per [distribution](https://www.w3.org/TR/vocab-dcat-2/#Class:Distribution), where a distribution might be a specific API endpoint or a specific bulk download file.

Reviewer: I prefer using "releases **about** a contracting process" throughout instead of **related to**, because a release is a data artifact that describes a real-world contracting process (an "about" relationship), whereas "relates to" is much more generic (e.g. a release about a contract renewal could, in a sense, "relate" to the original contract).

Author: Makes sense. Fixed in 5b055f71e421eec4796da49c07a827fcc7517162

## Record structure

> A record **must** contain an [ocid](identifiers.md#contracting-process-identifier-ocid) and all [releases](#releases) about the contracting process. As such, a record functions as an index of all releases about a contracting process at the time of the record's publication.

Reviewer: Move the relevant addition into the normative statement.

```suggestion
A record **must** contain an [ocid](identifiers.md#contracting-process-identifier-ocid) and all [releases](#releases) about the contracting process at the time of the record's publication. As such, a record functions as an index of releases about a contracting process.
```

### Compiled release

> The compiled release is the latest version of all the data about a contracting process at the time of the record's publication. In other words, it provides a snapshot of the current state of a contracting process at the time of the record's publication.

Reviewer: Avoid repetition:

```suggestion
The compiled release is the latest version of all the data about a contracting process at the time of the record's publication. In other words, it provides a snapshot of the contracting process at a given point in time.
```
